lib: multicell_location: Deprecate this library (#9664)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Location events and event handlers.

* Removed:

>   * Multicell location sample removed because multicell location library is now deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Multicell location sample because of the deprecation of the Multicell location library.
```

>     Relevant functionality is available through :ref:`lib_location` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Relevant functionality is available through the :ref:`lib_location` library.
```

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* :ref:`lib_multicell_location` library:

>   * This library is now deprecated and relevant functionality is available through :ref:`lib_location` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This library is now deprecated and relevant functionality is available through the :ref:`lib_location` library.
```
